# AI Customer Feedback Summary App

This app is written in Python and integrates OpenAI and Langchain to summarize text documents. The user interface is generated with Streamlit. The specific objective of this app is to allow a user to upload a text document containing customer feedback on a product (in the form of numerous separate comments), which is then summarized by AI (OpenAI via LangChain). 

## Getting Started

To use this app as intended, one first needs to collect feedback on a product from numerous customers. This feedback should then be placed into a .txt file. This .txt file can then be uploaded into the app.

One of the challenges of using AI models such as OpenAI is that there is a limit to the size of documents that can be analyzed. To circumvent this problem, this app, using LangChain, splits the uploaded document into chunks and then sends them to OpenAI for summarization. Thus, there is no limit to the size of the .txt file that can be uploaded to this app (other than the 200mb limit imposed by Streamlit). 

After uploading a .txt file containing customer feedback to the app, simply click the "Summarize Feedback" button and OpenAI--with the help of LangChain--will summarize it. 

In this repository, I have provided two sample .txt files, generated by ChatGPT. One file contains sample customer feedback on a new software product used to prepare annual taxes. THe other file contains customer feedback on a new strawberry variety that is white (instead of the traditional red color)

## Installations and OpenAI Api Key

This app has not been deployed to the Internet. It is possible to run the code locally on your computer, but you will need to get an OpenAI Api Key to do so. If you have a working OpenAI Api Key, then simply download the files in this repository to a tool such as Visual Studio Code and create a .env file. In this file, paste your OpenAI Api Key like so: 
OPENAI_API_KEY = "xxxxxx"

Further, to run this code, you will need to pip install the following:
-openai
-langchain
-python-dotenv
-streamlit


